# Crypto-Information-Grabber

Description
 Features
    - Lists first 10 cryptocurrencies as blocks
    - Shows the content information of the first cryptocurrency on opening to show user what content is provided
    - Has 2 buttons, a back button that retrieves the previous 10 cryptocurrencies from the apis and a next button that retrieves the next 10 cryptocurrencies. Be aware that if the fetch is at the beggining of the api it will alert the user when pressing the back button
    - Welcomes the user on opening website

 The website uses one crypto currency api that is used to get all the information on that crypto. The website has a welcome sign for the user for when they enter then it has a box set up for the user that instructs them how to use the submit field that was given. The box is used to bring attention to the user on where the important part of the website, for example like a highlighter being used to highlight important information. The colors used on the website are crypto friendly which were found on https://color.adobe.com/create/color-wheel. I have included a few little designs to the website to make it seem more interesting and to give the website more character such as bundle of dollars and the thumbs up. Once the cyrpto currency is chosen then the website would append the chosen coin to the document and would also include a small button next to it which contains a x. The website uses 3 seperate event listeners, 1st is a DOMContentLoaded, 2nd is a submit, and the last one is a click event. The dom content loaded sets up the website with the other event listeners and their contents. The submit event takes whatever number the user entered and finds the crypto coin that matches it and takes the information of that coin and appends it to the document. The click event is used to clear the selected crypto coin if the user no longer needs that coin, it is activated with the x button. This website is used to give the user information on current crypto information and let the user see it and it can even be used to compare different coins by adding more with the submit form. The user is able to see as many coins as theyd like and even remove the ones they no longer need.